Add note for offloading behavior (#1275)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: doc/sources/oneapi-gpu.rst

               [8., 7.], [8., 8.], [25., 80.]], dtype=np.float32)
   with config_context(target_offload="gpu:0"):
      clustering = DBSCAN(eps=3, min_samples=2).fit(X)

> Note: current offloading behavior restricts fitting and inference of any model to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Current offloading behavior restricts fitting and inference of any models to be
```

> in the same context or absence of context. For example, model trained in context with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the same context or absence of context. For example, a model trained in the GPU context with
```

> Note: current offloading behavior restricts fitting and inference of any model to be
> in the same context or absence of context. For example, model trained in context with
> target_offload="gpu:0" will throw error if inference is done outside of context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: current offloading behavior restricts fitting and inference of any model to be
in the same context or absence of context. For example, model trained in GPU context with
target_offload="gpu:0" will throw error if inference is done in CPU context.
```

Author: It's applicable for any context currently

> target_offload="gpu:0" will throw error if inference is done outside of context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
target_offload="gpu:0" throws an error if the inference is made in the GPU context.
```

Author: Leaving of `outside of` changes meaning
